Dear Participant,

Thank you for being part of the NextThought community. We are writing
today to let you know about updates to our privacy policy and terms of
service. As we develop and release new features, we must also update
our policies to reflect the changes we are making, and we want to take
this opportunity to further clarify how we use the information that
you entrust to us.

Summary of Updates

	* Information Provided with a Purchase

  	Some of our users will have opportunities to make purchases
	through the NextThought application. When making purchases, users
	are subject to an end user license agreement, which is now
	included in the terms of service agreement and applies only to
	those who make a purchase. Also, we have added a provision to the
	privacy policy that explains how we handle personal data that is
	provided with a purchase, such as credit card information.

	* Information Shared with Institutions

	We have added some information to our privacy policy for our users
	who access NextThought through academic or sponsoring
	institutions. In these cases we may share applicable personal
	information with the appropriate instructor and/or institution.

	* Information Provided through Technology

	We have added information to our privacy policy to better describe
	how we use the information collected via technology. We now
	differentiate between information used for internal operations and
	data that we apply to the learning experience.

	* Third Party Providers

	Delivering the products and experiences that you expect from us
	requires that we share some of your personal information with
	third-party vendors who perform services on our behalf. To clarify
	this interaction, we have added a section to the privacy policy to
	further explain this. Please note that these third parties are
	bound by confidentiality agreements and are required not to use
	the information outside of providing services requested by us.

	* Communications from NextThought

	To provide better transparency about our communication practices,
	we have updated the privacy policy to describe the notices that
	you may receive from us, including informational emails (such as
	this one) and promotional emails that you may opt out of.

At NextThought we care about your privacy and want to keep you
informed of changes to our service. These changes are effective as of
May 1, 2013, and we encourage you to read the updated policies
carefully.

	Terms of Service

	https://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=1rM40we-bbPNvq8xivEKhkoLE7wmIETmO4kerCYmtISM

	Privacy Policy

	https://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=1W9R8s1jIHWTp38gvacXOStsfmUz5TjyDYYy3CVJ2SmM


If you have any questions, please contact us at
compliance@nextthought.com.

Thank you for your support.

The NextThought Team
www.nextthought.com
